the big song is the queue for the most
important time of this Frank's life it's
a male in search of a mate
but if he is the fine one he has to get
to the top
he needs to keep his wits about him for
the rain also brings out hunters
easy does it
the top at laughs but he's late to the
party a male 6 the further his voice
will carry so the top slots are worth
fighting for
and he's one he has the top place so now
it's time to sing and a white-bellied
female responds they join together to
mate
the loser will have to wait for the next
storm before he sings again she lays her
eggs on the blade of a long leaf and he
using his back legs folds it over and
lose its two edges together shutting the
eggs inside this sealed nest is the
safest place these leaf folding foes can
find to protect their precious brood